hello this German truck and I'm going to
teach you guys how to make simple my
stickers at home alright let's start
with the ingredients first we have lean
ground pork onion powder garlic powder
parsley flakes ground ginger you got our
minced garlic sesame oil chicken base
hoisin sauce if you don't know why
poison sauces is basically made of
soybeans and you got sugar yeah you
speak garlic powder but I kind of
crosses out you know kind of like the
case so I decided to keep it soy sauce
Maggi seasoning is basically made of
salt and wheat pasta for the pasta
wrappers and now that ground black
pepper right so we got all the
ingredients let's get started alright
step one we're just gonna dump into
parsley flakes
here's Michael Presley if you guys want
to use two fresh parsley flakes that's
okay
alright today you got the ginger powder
yeah I like to put a lot ginger because
ginger actually really brings out the
flavor the side of pork and it also adds
another layer
the onion powder you may add more heat
as you wish
garlic powder definitely large garlic
that's a couple of - yourself
all right so now you got your pure dry
spices done and that's move on to the
next step
all right step two is to add the garlic
put the minced garlic get plenty in
there well because when you cook it tell
the garlic's gonna lose flavor so as
much as you can and it also provides a
nice texture one biting to the
potstickers
all right so step three could be a lot
of lot of liquids so we're gonna start
off with putting some of those sesame
oil right here you're playing that if
you definitely want to successfully
flavor the bottle for the pin all right
you got the sauce
yeah I'm running now I need to get more
so now we got all the liquids we - was
just going to sugar running out sugar as
well alright so we got that done and
this will watch to the next step first
step or just going to mix and match
let's go to step 5 so for step 5 I have
my pasta grabber right on the plate I'm
gonna get a load to have a meet with my
knife here just a little dick
now since the meat is already moist
enough we'll audit all the liquids and
especially that sees the sesame
seasoning oil this can be very moist and
should stick well to the wrapper so you
should have no issues now using your
fingers you gotta print it more like
using your fingers as a little steepler
the seal it up and like that's that
again the oil should keep this all
sealed up for you there you go alright
so right now we have our chicken base
boiling along with some low drizzles of
sesame oil and now we're gonna get ready
to place the pot stickers in and we're
just going to let it boil for about 6 or
7 minutes just to be safe and then there
would take it out and then we'll just
start doing the the pan frying all right
after - 7 minutes I just take the pot
stickers out kind of drain them and feel
free to put it on a nice clean and dry
plate and then the next step is syste
pan frying all right so now with in the
pan fry the pot stickers then drizzle
some the whole sets you all right here
spread it all around alright and I have
this eat up on medium heat music oh I'm
too high or else - pasta takers will
start to burn right it's time to finish
this right now I got some sesame oil
medium heat and we're just gonna cook
this until golden brown and then we
should be finished and now that I've
finished some wrap up this video my kids
are hungry right now we've got a plate
at the fried side so you got the pot
stickers - pretty much pan-fried and you
know you might have some leftover meat
so why they will mine with that but
little clump and I just pan fry them so
there you go guys
enjoy